This programming assignment was much more difficult than the first. At times, it was frustrating to understand how the different concepts we learned fit together. The first steps I took was to learn about Tries as I have never had heard about them until this assignment, there was some good documentation on what a Trie consists of and tips to making a Trie. Once I the necessary steps to begin, I wrote my Node and Trie class first. After several attempts of trial and error, I was able to construct a function Trie. Along with this step, I took what I learned from lecture about Azure Blob storage and retrieval and applied it into my web service. I didn't run in to any hiccups besides some initial errors with setting up the account. I preprocessed the wiki data beforehand to avoid any more complications than needed when parsing through the data. Once I could download my parsed data, I began working on the methods to build and search my trie. At first it was very confusing on how my WebService and my Trie would work hand in hand to produce the results I needed. This process took the bulk of my time and required a lot of debugging hours. Building the trie i debated about combining that method into my downloadWiki method since it seemed more logical to do it all in one step, but the method became rather long and complicated, so i separated it out. The WebService side was simple to code once i figured out the bulk of the processes would have to be done using the Trie class. With the Trie class, it was difficult to remember how to do proper recursion, but after reviewing old notes and googling around a bit, I believe I could do it. The build trie was straightforward to code while the search trie and the dfs was the most complicated. I think it would've helped to draw it out more. After some long hours, I was able to get my web service to return a object with suggestions printed in the console.log and then i worked in JavaScript and html to be able to display the data in a better formatted way. The JS/JQuery was easy as i was familiar with making AJAX requests and processing the response. Once i got the response from the WebService, i just parsed through each suggestion and displayed it for the client. Writing in C# for the first time was intimidating, but looking through some documentation, i had a better grasp on using best practices when developing my code.
